Going through fastqc information manaully is no fun, so I made this
little module and a script to populate a sqlite database with information
retrieved from all of the "fastqc_data.txt" files generated by running
fastqc on a whole project's raw data.

The module is basically an interface for python's sqlite3 library, probably
not optimally, and probably in a way that breaks somehow. In the database
generated, you will find two tables, 'basic' and 'module_stats', that
contain, respectively, the basic file information, and the results of the
tests run by fastqc

Usage:

    source set_vars.sh
    ./fastqc_to_sqlite3.py

Then you can take a good look at your fastqc data using the database located
at $FASTQC_DB_NAME or (by default) ./fastqc.db.

    sqlite3 fastqc.db
    # SELECT * FROM basic;
    # SELECT basic.filename, module_stats.overall FROM basic, module stats
    WHERE basic.id = module_stats.id and module_stats.overall = 'fail';
    # ... whatever else you want to know

You can run tests on the db module by:

    python sqlite3_db.py

I guess I could use fadapa (which I found by searching github), or fastqc_parser
to improve the fastqc file parsing and to allow for more integeration into other
projects. I will branch this and work on it from here. If you somehow found
yourself at this repository and you would like to help out, then go right ahead
and send me a pull request.

I might add some kind of aggregator functionality, using the db. That seems to
be something that people are interested in doing. There seems to be some repos
up that have developed some aggregator functionality, and luckily, also in
python. I will be looking into this as well.
